Once upon of time
there was a Man named Henry
Henry never knew the difference between humans and animals. Since he was raised in the woods.+
 Henry loved hunting his prey.
As he got better at hunting his prey became easier to catch. It started march 8, 3030
A group of friends went to go on a camping trip. This trip was different from others because they decided to go into a new forest called the rooting forest.
Now the group of friends were made up of 2 girls and 3 guys. The girls were named Molly and Amanda. The guys were max, Jack and, Steve.
Molly loved to eat marshmallows so she brought 4 bags. As they all got into the car and were ready to leave Max heard a weird noise coming from the car.
But he ignored it since it wasn't his car so it wasn't his problem.
While they were on the road Amanda saw some weird markings in the trees but to her it wasn't that cute so she discarded it.
As the group got to the camp site and set up  Jack started hearing noises. But he believed he  could beat any animal since he is used to fighting with bears in his game.
As night hit the group fell asleep but one thing they didn't know is that they were on Henry's land and he hated when cattle came to his land.
Since Henry hasn't had dinner yet he figured these cattle would do so he set traps around the site. Bear traps, hanging rope, etc.
Jack woke up and decided that he needed to use the restroom so he walked out the tent and walk to a tree at least 50 meters away from the others so he won't wake anyone up.
As he was walking he heard owls and started to look up and see the beautiful moon light.
Then he heard a crunch sound and when he looked down he saw his bone crushed into dust he started to scream but that is when a axe hit his face and took of his head.
The sounds echoed across the forest then it was silent.
The others woke up and realize Jack was gone but the others didn't care much since he tends to wander off but they knew he would be back eventually. Max started to tell Steve that this is his chance with Amanda.
Because Amanda was the popular girl in high school that they all graduated at and she just went through a rough break up.
Steve has always had a crush on Amanda while Max had a crush on molly but unfortunately for them they both liked Jack.
So as the two guys Started to talk to the to ladies. That's when they all heard a weird sound and Amanda told Steve that he should go check it out. Since Steve was so deep in love he said sure.
Max told him it was a stupid idea because it's a basic horror movie scene. But Steve said those are only movies and he said " As main character of this story I will survive anything". So Max gave up and figured that he might be ok.
an hour later, Steve realized he was lost but it's to late since he was already in the deeper part of the forest. As Steve looked up he saw the beautiful trees that covered the sky casting a shadow blocking all light in the forest.
Steve started to yell out Max! Amanda! Molly!? But sadly he was never heard from the others so as he was pushing leaves out of his way. He walked right in to a hanging rope Which was one of Henry's traps.
The rope tighten around Steve's neck and brought him 10 feet in the air. As Steve's light in his eyes faded his final words were," I'm sorry".
Henry heard his trap go off so he dashed over just to see his next meal. Henry made sure Steve was dead before he cut him down and dragged him back to his cave.
Max told Amanda that Steve has been gone for too long. Amanda was sitting next to molly and they were both eating marshmallows. Molly suggest that they all should go look for Jack and maybe Steve.
Max expected that answer but he had to agree to go search for the two. The group walked deeper into the beautiful forest and the deeper they went the less light there was until it was completely dark. Max was glad that they brought flashlights.
However Molly wasn't so glad and wish she brought a gun with her to this trip. Amanda told Molly that they will be fine it's just a forest what would live in the middle of no where?
Amanda did some research about the forest before the trip and the only animals living in this forest are deer, raccoons, and other smaller animals. So Amanda wasn't worried at all until Max said the flashlight died that's when Amanda rolled her eyes.
Because it wasn't that dark where they couldn't see it was just dim to the point that they couldn't see very far. Molly saw something shining in the corner of her eye and went to pick it up.
As she put her hand near the metal object she heard a boom and turned around to see Max throwing the flashlight against the tree. Molly went back to the item and picked up a chain that Steve would always carry around.
Max was shocked since Steve would never go anywhere without his chain so if he dropped it he would pick it up immediately. Amanda saw a light in the distance and shouted " Guys there's a light over here". The group went to go check it out.
As they got closer to the light Molly yelled as she saw a hanging leg and assumed it was Steve's leg since it had one of his chains.
The group walked into The cave so they can know what happened to Steve and Jack.
